¿Cual es la funcion del archivo __init__.py?
El archivo __init__.py se utiliza para realizar configuraciones de importación. Algo que se utiliza mucho en este archivo es la importación de clases, funciones, etc, para que puedan ser utilizadas en otros paquetes.

¿Cuales son los atributos del manifest que se comenta en el tutorial? Busca informacion en la web de odoo
name (str, required)
the human-readable name of the module

version (str)
this module’s version, should follow semantic versioning rules

description (str)
extended description for the module, in reStructuredText

author (str)
name of the module author

website (str)
website URL for the module author

category (str, default: Uncategorized)
classification category within Odoo, rough business domain for the module.

depends (list(str))
Odoo modules which must be loaded before this one, either because this module uses features they create or because it alters resources they define.

data (list(str))
List of data files which must always be installed or updated with the module. A list of paths from the module root directory

demo (list(str))
List of data files which are only installed or updated in demonstration mode


application (bool, default: False)
Whether the module should be considered as a fully-fledged application (True) or is just a technical module (False) that provides some extra functionality to an existing application module.

installable (bool default: True)
Whether a user should be able to install the module from the Web UI or not.

¿Que son los campos reservados en Odoo segun este tutorial?
Odoo creates a few fields in all models1. These fields are managed by the system and shouldn’t be written to. They can be read if useful or necessary:

id (Id)
The unique identifier for a record in its model.

create_date (Datetime)
Creation date of the record.

create_uid (Many2one)
User who created the record.

write_date (Datetime)
Last modification date of the record.

write_uid (Many2one)
user who last modified the record.

Special fields
By default, Odoo also requires a name field on all models for various display and search behaviors. The field used for these purposes can be overridden by setting _rec_name.

